Moses 1:39
For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.

Matthew 5:14-16
14 Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on an hill cannot be hid. 15 Neither do men light a candle, and put it
under a bushel, but on a candlestick; and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. 16 Let your light so shine before men, that they
may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven.

1 Nephi 3:7
And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my father: I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the
Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he
commandeth them.

Abraham 3:22-23
 22 Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were
many of the noble and great ones; 23 And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These
I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he said unto me: Abraham, thou
art one of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast born.

2 Nephi 2:27
(Scripture) Wherefore, men are free according to the flesh; and all things are given them which are expedient unto man. And they are free to choose
liberty and eternal life, through the great Mediator of all men, or to choose captivity and death, according to the captivity and power
of the devil; for he seeketh that all men might be miserable like unto himself.

Doctrine and Covenants 8:2–3
(Scripture) 2 Yea, behold, I will tell you in your mind and in your heart, by the Holy Ghost, which shall come upon you and which shall dwell in your
heart. 3 Now, behold, this is the spirit of revelation; behold, this is the spirit by which Moses brought the children of Israel through
the Red Sea on dry ground.

Genesis 2:24
Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

Matthew 28:19-20
19 Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: 20 Teaching
them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world. Amen.

Mosiah 2:17
And behold, I tell you these things that ye may learn wisdom; that ye may learn that when ye are in the service of your fellow beings
ye are only in the service of your God.

Isaiah 53:3-5
3 He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was
despised, and we esteemed him not. 4 Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten
of God, and afflicted. 5 But he was wounded for our transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our peace was
upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.